README.md, before:

# Axios Progress Bar

This module aims to provide a simple usage of a progress bar for the HTTP requests made by Web applications that use the library [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios). It's high inspired in the module [angular-loading-bar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angular-loading-bar) and uses the awesome [nprogress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress) module to display the loading bar in the Browser.

**Attention:** This module is not bound to any framework. You can use it in any Web application that uses axios.

### Demo
![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/master/demo_axios_progress_bar.gif)

---

### Installation
It's available through the NPM package:

    npm install --save axios
    npm install --save axios-progress-bar

Or via CDN:
```html
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
````

---

### Usage
Invoke (only one time) the function: `loadProgressBar(config)`, where the config argument is the configuration object for the [nprogress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress) and is not required. Its properties can be seen [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress#configuration). 

__Also, you need to import the CSS file ([nprogress.css](https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css)) that contains the customization of the progress bar.__


#### Example in ES6 using the import statement
```js
import { loadProgressBar } from 'axios-progress-bar'

loadProgressBar()
...
````
Don't forget to import the CSS in the HTML, or through JavaScript with some module bundler like [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-management/#loading-css).
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
```
```js
import 'axios-progress-bar/dist/nprogress.css'
```

#### Example using plain HTML and JavaScript in the Browser
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        ...
    </body>
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript">
        loadProgressBar()
        ...
    </script>
    
</html>
```

### Tip
The CSS file contains the properties from the [nprogress style](https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress/blob/master/nprogress.css). However, It's possible to override the properties or set new ones with a custom CSS.

In the next example, the custom CSS only changes the color of the progress bar and the spinner to red.
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
        <style type="text/css">
            #nprogress .bar {
                background: red !important;
            }

            #nprogress .peg {
                box-shadow: 0 0 10px red, 0 0 5px red !important;
            }

            #nprogress .spinner-icon {
                border-top-color: red !important;
                border-left-color: red !important;
            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        ...
    </body>
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript">
        loadProgressBar()
        ...
    </script>
    
</html>
```
![demo-red](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/master/demo_axios_progress_bar_red.gif)

---

### Bugs/Requests
Write them in the repository [issues](https://github.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/issues).

### Major changes
- version 1.1.0 - [Split the CSS](https://webpack.js.org/guides/production/#split-css) into a separate file. With this change, it's necessary to import the minimal CSS file manually.

Commit message:

Update readme with new instance argument

README.md, after:

# Axios Progress Bar

This module aims to provide a simple usage of a progress bar for the HTTP requests made by Web applications that use the library [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios). It's high inspired in the module [angular-loading-bar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angular-loading-bar) and uses the awesome [nprogress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress) module to display the loading bar in the Browser.

**Attention:** This module is not bound to any framework. You can use it in any Web application that uses axios.

### Demo
![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/master/demo_axios_progress_bar.gif)

---

### Installation
It's available through the NPM package:

    npm install --save axios
    npm install --save axios-progress-bar

Or via CDN:
```html
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
````

---

### Usage
Invoke (only one time) the function: `loadProgressBar(config, instance)`.

### Nprogress Config
the `config` argument is the configuration object for the [nprogress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress). Its properties can be seen [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nprogress#configuration).

### Custom Axios Instance
You can pass a [Custom Axios Instance](https://github.com/axios/axios#custom-instance-defaults) as a second argument if needed, the argument is not required. If you don't set the `instance` argument the default axios instance will be used.




__Also, you need to import the CSS file ([nprogress.css](https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css)) that contains the customization of the progress bar.__


#### Example in ES6 using the import statement
```js
import { loadProgressBar } from 'axios-progress-bar'

loadProgressBar()
...
````
Don't forget to import the CSS in the HTML, or through JavaScript with some module bundler like [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/asset-management/#loading-css).
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
```
```js
import 'axios-progress-bar/dist/nprogress.css'
```

#### Example using plain HTML and JavaScript in the Browser
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        ...
    </body>
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript">
        loadProgressBar()
        ...
    </script>
    
</html>
```

### Tip
The CSS file contains the properties from the [nprogress style](https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress/blob/master/nprogress.css). However, It's possible to override the properties or set new ones with a custom CSS.

In the next example, the custom CSS only changes the color of the progress bar and the spinner to red.
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/nprogress.css" />
        <style type="text/css">
            #nprogress .bar {
                background: red !important;
            }

            #nprogress .peg {
                box-shadow: 0 0 10px red, 0 0 5px red !important;
            }

            #nprogress .spinner-icon {
                border-top-color: red !important;
                border-left-color: red !important;
            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        ...
    </body>
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/axios/dist/axios.min.js"></script>
    <script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/0a3acf92/dist/index.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript">
        loadProgressBar()
        ...
    </script>
    
</html>
```
![demo-red](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/master/demo_axios_progress_bar_red.gif)

---

### Bugs/Requests
Write them in the repository [issues](https://github.com/rikmms/progress-bar-4-axios/issues).

### Major changes
- version 1.1.0 - [Split the CSS](https://webpack.js.org/guides/production/#split-css) into a separate file. With this change, it's necessary to import the minimal CSS file manually.
